README.md, before:

# CLP Notification Monitor

CLP Log Ingestion Notification Monitor.

## Development

1. Create and enter the virtual environment:
   `python3.x -m venv v3x; . ./v3x/bin/activate`
2. Update `pip`:
   `pip install --upgrade pip`
3. Install the project in editable mode along with the development dependencies:
   `pip install -e .[dev]`

## Start

To ingest files directly via the S3 API:

```shell
python start.py \
--seaweed-filer-endpoint $SEAWEEDFS_ENDPOINT \
--seaweed-s3-endpoint-url $SEAWEEDFS_S3_GATEWAY \
--filer-notification-path-prefix $NOTIFICATION_PATH_PREFIX \
--db-uri $DATABASE_URI \
--max-buffer-size 16777216 \
--min-refresh-frequency 5000 \
s3
```

To ingest files via mounted directories in the local filesystem:

```shell
python start.py \
--seaweed-filer-endpoint $SEAWEEDFS_ENDPOINT \
--seaweed-s3-endpoint-url $SEAWEEDFS_S3_GATEWAY \
--filer-notification-path-prefix $NOTIFICATION_PATH_PREFIX \
--db-uri $DATABASE_URI \
--max-buffer-size 16777216 \
--min-refresh-frequency 5000 \
fs --seaweed-mnt-prefix  $SEAWEED_MNT_PREFIX
```

## Contributing

Before submitting a pull request, run the following error-checking and
formatting tools:

* [mypy][1]: `mypy src`
  * mypy checks for typing errors. You should resolve all typing errors or if an
    error cannot be resolved (e.g., it's due to a third-party library), you
    should add a comment `# type: ignore` to [silence][2] the error.
* [docformatter][3]: `docformatter -i src`
  * This formats docstrings. You should review and add any changes to your PR.
* [Black][4]: `black src`
  * This formats the code according to Black's code-style rules. You should
    review and add any changes to your PR.
* [ruff][6]: `ruff check --fix src`
  * This performs linting according to PEPs. You should review and add any
    changes to your PR.

Note that `docformatter` should be run before `black` to give Black the [last][5].

[1]: https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html
[2]: https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/common_issues.html#spurious-errors-and-locally-silencing-the-checker
[3]: https://docformatter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[4]: https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html
[5]: https://docformatter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq.html#interaction-with-black
[6]: https://beta.ruff.rs/docs/

Commit message:

feat: allow compression buffer to submit paths into different archive compression jobs based on folder names

README.md, after:

# CLP Notification Monitor

CLP Log Ingestion Notification Monitor.

## Development

1. Create and enter the virtual environment:
   `python3.x -m venv v3x; . ./v3x/bin/activate`
2. Update `pip`:
   `pip install --upgrade pip`
3. Install the project in editable mode along with the development dependencies:
   `pip install -e .[dev]`

## Start

To ingest files directly via the S3 API:

```shell
python start.py \
--seaweed-filer-endpoint $SEAWEEDFS_ENDPOINT \
--seaweed-s3-endpoint-url $SEAWEEDFS_S3_GATEWAY \
--filer-notification-path-prefix $NOTIFICATION_PATH_PREFIX \
--db-uri $DATABASE_URI \
--max-buffer-size 16777216 \
--min-refresh-frequency 5000 \
s3
```

To ingest files via mounted directories in the local filesystem:

```shell
python start.py \
--seaweed-filer-endpoint $SEAWEEDFS_ENDPOINT \
--seaweed-s3-endpoint-url $SEAWEEDFS_S3_GATEWAY \
--filer-notification-path-prefix $NOTIFICATION_PATH_PREFIX \
--db-uri $DATABASE_URI \
--max-buffer-size 16777216 \
--min-refresh-frequency 5000 \
fs --seaweed-mnt-prefix  $SEAWEED_MNT_PREFIX
```

To introduce job grouping by folder names under a specific path prefix, add the
following option:
```shell
--group-by-paths-under-prefix $GROUP_BY_PATH_UNDER_PREFIX
```

## Contributing

Before submitting a pull request, run the following error-checking and
formatting tools:

* [mypy][1]: `mypy src`
  * mypy checks for typing errors. You should resolve all typing errors or if an
    error cannot be resolved (e.g., it's due to a third-party library), you
    should add a comment `# type: ignore` to [silence][2] the error.
* [docformatter][3]: `docformatter -i src`
  * This formats docstrings. You should review and add any changes to your PR.
* [Black][4]: `black src`
  * This formats the code according to Black's code-style rules. You should
    review and add any changes to your PR.
* [ruff][6]: `ruff check --fix src`
  * This performs linting according to PEPs. You should review and add any
    changes to your PR.

Note that `docformatter` should be run before `black` to give Black the [last][5].

[1]: https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html
[2]: https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/common_issues.html#spurious-errors-and-locally-silencing-the-checker
[3]: https://docformatter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[4]: https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html
[5]: https://docformatter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq.html#interaction-with-black
[6]: https://beta.ruff.rs/docs/
